Zelda: Ocarina of Time (Randomiser) - Spekkio's shuffled-world tool - Style Guide
(for internal development reference)

1. Always keep this file updated, this is the official one, ignore other files
2. Always code towards what this file specifies

General (default) page appearance:
 - Keep the map field real-estate square, with any widgets in sidebars
 - Night mode. Anything similar to Discord or Pycharm's night/dark mode is good.

Node map shape:
    - It should lay itself out as evenly as possible
    - It should update to reflect changes automatically
    - At the very least I want a smooth, animated shift when changes are applied (I'm pretty sure that option exists)
    - I do NOT want a springy, live-updated, real-physics-sim situation. That reduces user control.
    - indivisible groups of nodes (e.g. death mountain crater, Gerudo valley) are in CLUSTERS
    - insignificant nodes that are fully attached to nodes in the same cluster join that cluster

What gets drawn?
As little as possible, while conveying the most USEFUL information.
(The most useful information is: where can I go, and how can I get there?)
The map should show:
nodes:
    - Child and adult spawns (until I have a setting/logic for which ones are available)
    - 6 warp song icons, respectively according to whether an ocarina and their song are available
    - any "non-insignificant" node/cluster that the user has added from a stock library
    - any insignificant nodes, from library, that are NOT hidden.
        insignificant nodes that are:
        (SYMMETRICALLY attached to a non-insignificant non-selected node) [note, this makes it join that cluster]
        AND
        (not in a cluster which is selected or has any member selected)
        are hidden.
    - any *unconnected* loose ends attached to any of the above
(knowing the nodes lets you work out what edges get drawn)
edges:
    - all the static edges (i.e. edges in initial clusters - things that are inseparable because they're the same map)
    - (predefined) loose-end edges going to unconnected loose ends
    - user-defined node-to-node edges.

Attachment interface:
    The user has loose ends visible on the map.
    The user says "attach these two loose ends together (symmetrically)"
    Those loose-end nodes and their edges disappear, and a new edge connecting the nodes appears.

Quirks:
    The user can always go from a "warp-able" location to a warp song node (they're added according to item tracker)
    The "behind Mido" lost woods has a connection OUT ("to KF") and no connection IN.

Node map looks:
    Everything has a size: tiny, small, medium, large, huge. Examples.
        Tiny: loose ends
        Small: grottoes, houses, windmill/Dampé, shops
        Medium: Most places. Warp song nodes, spawn nodes. Most cluster-internals.
        Large: Market, Castle grounds, Kokiri forest, dungeons.
        Huge: Kakariko, Hyrule field
    Nodes are colour-coded.
        Most places are green
        KF, Kak, and Market are blue
        Warp and spawn icons are yellow
        Dungeons are red
    Nodes are also shape-coded.
        Most are round.
        Dungeons are square.
    Cluster labels:
        On the top edge, bigger text
    Individual node labels:
        Medium text, on top of the dot/square
        Loose ends get a "?"
    Connection labels:
        Smaller text.
        Connected ones get a label at each end signifying what loading zone they're connected to
        Unconnected ones get a single label NEAR the loose end.
    Connection appearance:
        Paths that can be taken under the current limitations in either direction are a single line.
        If it's only one-way under the current limitations, then it has a midpoint arrow.